Quinn Smiley
CIT 383
April 12th, 2026

Solutions:

Level 0 → 1
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in a file called readme located in the home directory. Use this password to log into bandit1 using SSH. Whenever you find a password for a level, use SSH (on port 2220) to log into that level and continue the game.
Commands used: cat readme
Explanation: cat printed what was in the readme
Password: ZjLjTmM6FvvyRnrb2rfNWOZOTa6ip5If

Level 1 → 2
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in a file called - located in the home directory.
Commands used: cat ./-
Explanation: The ./ makes the program understand that "-" is the filename.
Password: 263JGJPfgU6LtdEvgfWU1XP5yac29mFx

Level 2 → 3
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in a file called --spaces in this filename-- located in the home directory.
Commands used: cat ./"--spaces in this filename--"
Explanation: The quotes make sure the system reads the file name despite the spaces. 
Password: MNk8KNH3Usiio41PRUEoDFPqfxLPlSmx

Level 3 → 4
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in a hidden file in the inhere directory.
Commands used: cd inhere, ls -a, cat ...Hiding-From-You
Explanation: ls -a shows all of the files in the directory, regardless of whether they are hidden. 
Password: 2WmrDFRmJIq3IPxneAaMGhap0pFhF3NJ

Level 4 → 5
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in the only human-readable file in the inhere directory.
Commands used: file ./*, cat ./-file07
Explanation: file ./* shows what is in each file in the directory. 
Password: 4oQYVPkxZOOEOO5pTW81FB8j8lxXGUQw

Level 5 → 6
Goal: The password for the next level is stored in a file somewhere under the inhere directory and has all of the following properties: human-readable, 1033 bytes in size, not executable.
Commands used: find . -type f -size 1033c ! -executable, cd maybehere07, cat .file2
Explanation: find: type is a file, size is 1033 bytes, and it is not executable (!=).
Password: HWasnPhtq9AVKe0dmk45nxy20cvUa6EG



Reflection

1. I learned more about how offensive hacking might look. Obviously, this was entry-level, but navigating through file directories to find information seems pretty straightforward now. Additionally, I know more of the built-in Linux commands now. 

2. The last level was definitely the hardest because I had no idea how the syntax worked for that problem. Eventually, after exhausting the help commands in the terminal, I asked AI what the best answer might be. After that, I understood that commands like find have parameters that are not required and are able to be specified when needed. 

3. Honestly, I was surprised at how easily I picked it up. I have a Windows computer, so it was all different commands. Additionally, I was surprised (and overwhelmed) by how many versions of one command there are, and how the differences slightly change the function.

4. I think it connects to pen testing because it's kind of a beginner's look at how one "pokes around" in a directory to see what information they can find.