Quinn Smiley
CIT 383
May 10th, 2026

Part 1

1. Python 3.13.2
2. Yes
3. N/A



Part 2

1. Saved Quotes:
('“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”', 'Albert Einstein')
('“It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”', 'J.K. Rowling')
('“There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”', 'Albert Einstein')
('“The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”', 'Jane Austen')
("“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”", 'Marilyn Monroe')

Saved API Results:
('alex', 49, 411442)

2. web_data.db

3. The scrape_quotes() function.
.
4. The call_api() function



Part 3

1. I couldn't find this portion of the code. 

2. Information is usually wrapped in class names. 

3. Class names can change for a variety of reasons which makes the scraping technique unreliable. 



Part 4

1. Count, name, and age.

2. The API results look for specicific fields while the HTML returns what it was hard-coded to return. 

3. It is a more cleanly structured way to view data and is more reliable than data scraping.




Part 5

1. It creates a duplicate of the previous data in the database. 

2. They store the same information twice which can make searching for or refering to the data difficult.

3. It is useful because you don't have to create an full server or database.



Part 6

1. What does BeautifulSoup do in this code?

2. Ask the user to enter the name for the API call

3. Yes

4. I still don't fully understand some of the syntax, and some of the functions.



Part 7

1. API was definitely easier because it was easier for me to make sense of and read.

2. Scraping seemed more likely to break in the future because it relies on class names which cna be changed. 

3. It stored the information for the program.

4. It could compile a multitude of API calls and store and categorize all of the data.

5. Someone should consider what information they are collecting from the website and if it was intended to be public. 