Quinn Smiley
CIT 383 
April 23rd, 2026

Part 1

Statements:
1. Raw Data
2. Information
3. Insight
4. Decision

1. The insight statement required interpretation rather than direct measurment.

2. Raw data alone is not enough for decision making because decision making requires inferences from the context of the data.



Part 2

1. Chart A is misleading because it is trying to show a greater gap in test scores than there is, by starting the y-axis at 90 instead of 0. 

2. Chart B is misleading because it is not comparing equal sample sizes for the satisfaction rates that are bring compared. 

3. I think that Chart B is more misleading because it gives the impression that there is a significant difference in user satisfaction when in reality the results are more differed becasue it was a larger sample size. 

4. I would redesign Chart B to have satisfaction on the y-axis and sample size on the x-axis. 



Part 3

Online Services: 
1. YouTube - search history, clicks, website tracking for ads, location, other app & social media tracking, cookies
2. Spotify - search history, clicks, website tracking for ads, other app & social media tracking, cookies
3. Maps - location, search history, network

1. Search history seems to be the most common.

2. Location traking feels helpful for things like the map app, and YouTube giving me results for an American audience. 

3. The only form of tracking I didn't really think about was network.



Part 4

Sites:

Name: Ulta
Reject All: No just "Reject Non-Fucntional"
Accept All: No just "I understand" to the fact that they use cookies
Manage Preferences: Yes
Categories: Performance, Advertising, Functional
Understandable: Yes, but the categories were vague (potentially on purpose?)


Name: Old Navy
Reject All: No just a switch to "opt-out of online info sharing"
Accept All: Basically doing nothing is accepting them all.
Manage Preferences: Yes
Categories: Online Info Sharing
Understandable: No, the notice that popped up had not buttons, only links which I think would deter some people because it looks like a terms of service notice. Additionally, they have not categories for cookies only one option to opt out of online info sharing, and a web form to opt out of offline info sharing. 


Name: NFL
Reject All: Kind of - "Reject Optional Tracking"
Accept All: Yes - "Acknowledge Tracking"
Manage Preferences: No
Categories: N/A
Understandable: Yes, but seems oversimplified.


1. Being able to reject some of the cookies was available on all sites, as well as accepting all of them. 

2. Ulta gave the clearest choices. 

3. Old Navy made accepting much easier than rejecting. To reject some you had to follow a link and to reject the rest you had to fill out an online form. 

4. The banners suggest that as people become more aware of wheat cookies do, companies are more incline to ease their anxiety with pop ups like these. However, I do always raise an eyebrow at the idea of "necessary" cookies.



Part 5

Items:
1. Signal
2. Inference
3. Signal
4. Inference
5. Signal
6. Inference

1. Inferences are just an educated guess based on correlating factors. Just because you're on campus early doesn't inherently mean you have moring class. 

2. Sometimes educated guesses are correct and they want to continue to reccomend things that you might like. 



Part 6

1. The claim shows correlation. 

2. Why the productivity apps are the sole cause of better grades.

3. A student may also have a tutor in addition to the productivity app.

4. Evidence that shows how productivity apps influence grades. 



Part 7

1. Review app permissions and turn off ad personalization.

2. They are easy actions I can take on my phone.

3. Looking at app permissions because I can look at what might be a security risk. 
